hello everyone I hope you're all having
a wonderful day just wanted to come by
and say hey and I went to Sephora for a
special nail polish and I got a few
other things so I thought I which home
you guys little great gifts so the first
thing this is what I really went to
support for and it is a Sephora by OPI
nail polish in the color I got a blush
on you I think it's an adorable color
it's very neutral almost looks like
flushed home sorry my puppy is working
in the background very pretty color I
actually was inspired by one of my
favorite beauty gurus sorry I'm looking
down at my phone because I am horrible
with pronunciation and her name is
Nicole goo goo Guerrero so anyway I
would definitely put her name and the
downbar below because she is an
inspiration and I love watching her
YouTube and instagrams and everything
else but she actually has this color on
the front of her nails and she has
beautiful long pointy nails and
underneath they're painted red to
awesome effect but I still think it's a
gorgeous color and I'm going to try it
on my little pitiful little mouth so as
I was in there as I said I saw a few
neat little items that I picked up for
gifts the first thing was this for mini
ultra shine gloss set by sephora i
thought was really pretty colors for
fall and winter the next gifts i saw was
it lashes and limited to four favorites
and there are bare essentials define
mascara and their benefits bad gal lash
buxton lash make up for ever smoked eel
ash sephora collection false eyelashes
and flutter as the one pair of false
eyelashes are by the Sephora collection
then there's a Sephora collection
outrageous mascara and laughing off at
least Stila stay all day waterproof all
volumizing mascara so you get all that
in the
gorgeous gold makeup case so that was a
cute gift and then as i was at d well
actually before out to the register I
went by the cab on d set up and I just I
love everything you know she made foes
because she is also one of my idols that
I look up to for testing I'm being a
woman but look at the packaging look how
beautiful it is has kat von d and i had
some of her artwork on it and I saw this
was the most beautiful color I know I
probably have a million-in-one this
color but it's like a mall roads I
actually you can say have it on my lips
right now and that's what it looks like
on my hand if you can tell if its focus
very pigmented actually very moist and
i'm really loving this and sorry if this
is in love crafts very pretty hard to
read sorry then i was up at the counter
i actually solve this little guy right
here the silver sparkle it's um three
different sparkles a silver that's a
purple know if you can see it very well
and then that's a gold shimmer I thought
least I felt kind of silly because I put
this one up on the counter and she's
like oh there is a three pack so I look
Oh even cooler and there are some
directions on the back so maybe they
give you some ideas of how to wear them
but i think i'll probably just wear them
over another glosses a top coat so that
sold me very huge had this for me and
then um it's afford you built white and
the more points you get kind of reward
points on this was one of the little
hundred-dollar points and it's actually
i actually just ordered a big size of
this its purity made simple in it
eh it's all natural and it's pretty much
and once got facial cleanser all-in-one
and I think it's going to be amazing and
anyway sorry my one my phone is going
off my sister who my husband is adorable
and tweeting and it makes laughs so that
was my hundred dollar little bonus i got
and I'm trying our comments he kind of
knocked me out there a little bit so
anyway that is all I got today I think
from sephora and I had a great day it
was my love love but that's a few little
things I got there for gifts and for
myself so I hope everybody has a
wonderful day and night until I see you
again thanks for the support and much
love to you all